Hi, everyone, in this lecture, we are going to add superheroes to the local storage.
All right, so we have called our method and you can see that this is the difference between calling
static and non static methods where we didn't instantiate this superhero class like we did here.
We just called the method directly on it.
Let's save our changes.
Let's come up here.
And I'm just going to come this I'm going to say get superheros from El's and I'm going to copy that
and I'm going to bring it down here and I'm going to say add it.
So before getting, we should be able to add him to the local storage.
Right.
OK, so let's go ahead and let's say static.
Static and we're going to add a superhero and we are going to pass in the entry.
So first off, what are we going to do is I'm going to create a constant called superheroes superheroes
list, and I'm going to now here is where these methods are interconnected.
We are going to call this get superhero method because we are going to grab the methods from here.
We are going to grab the superheroes from here because we checked.
If it has, superheroes should get it.
So we are now, this is the good thing about.
About static methods, you just call the class and you say, dot, get superhero.
That's it.
So if we were to call it the other way around, we would have instantiated first and then called it
so.
That's like multiple times of instantiations.
So we are going to say that superhero last.
We are going to push to it the entry.
Right, so now we have here we have if there is nothing inside the superhero, inside the superheroes
array, if there is nothing, it is going to return an empty array.
And when it returns an empty array and we have our entry here, we just push our entry to that superhero
array right when we push it to that array.
There is something that we need to take care of, and that is we need to convert it to Jason file.
Right.
So we are going to say, Jason, that string of ify this is going to convert it to a Jason strength.
OK, so a JavaScript value, usually an object or a right to be converted.
We want to convert it to two adjacent string converts, a JavaScript value to a JavaScript object notation
string or adjacent string.
So what it is that we want to convert it to to that we want to convert the superheros list.
So superheros list.
Now, when we convert it, we need to set it to we need to set it to local storage.
So we are going to say set item whenever oops n that set item.
And this is a Jason method.
All right.
And I'm going to say local storage dot.
Zoraida, so is it is it correct today, local, no, this is not so rich.
OK, perfect.
So what we did here is we grabbed because there was nothing inside the superhero entry.
We grabbed our entry.
We pushed it to the superhero illest, which we added from this method.
We grabbed it from here.
We pushed it there, and then we grabbed that superhero list and we converted it to Jason.
We started inside, we said we.
We added we called a set item method on the Jason Right, which in this case we don't really need,
Jason said item is a method of local storage.
We said on the local storage set an item.
Now an item requires a key and a value.
So if you come here, you can see that it requires a key and a value.
So set item actually has two arguments.
One is going to be a key, the other one is going to be a value.
What is the key?
The key is going to be superhero superheros.
So if I save it now, if we go ahead and check it out, it should work.
So let's add Superman and DC Fly Kleck.
You can see that it has been added here and if I click, it has been added here as well.
Let's add rocket as well.
Kleck added here and added here.
All right, so everything works perfectly fine.
The only thing remaining is that whenever we reload the page, you can see that our data is still inside
the local stories, but they have been removed from the UI.
So actually there are two things remaining.
One, we need to retrieve our data from the local storage.
And two, whenever I click on the trash icon, when I click on this, it should remove the USA from
here as well as from the local storage.
So that's it for this year.
See you guys in the next one.